add resource 'api_token' and data source 'permission_groups' (#862)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: website/docs/r/api_token.html.markdown

---
layout: "cloudflare"
page_title: "Cloudflare: cloudflare_api_token"
sidebar_current: "docs-cloudflare-resource-api-token"
description: |-
  Provides a resource which manages Cloudflare API tokens.
---

# cloudflare_api_token

> Provides a resource which manages Cloudflare custom error pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a resource which manages Cloudflare API tokens.
```

Read more about permission groups and their applicable scopes in
[the official documentation][1].

## Example Usage

### User Permissions

```hcl
data "cloudflare_api_token_permission_groups" "all" {}

// Token allowed to create new tokens.
// Can only be used from specific ip range.
resource "cloudflare_api_token" "api_token_create" {
  name = "api_token_create"

  policy {
    permission_groups = [
      data.cloudflare_api_token_permission_groups.all.permissions["API Tokens Write"],
    ]
    resources = {
      "com.cloudflare.api.user.${var.user_id}" = "*"
    }
  }

  request_ip_in = [
    "10.0.0.0/8",
    "2400:cb00::/32",
  ]
  request_ip_not_in = [
    "10.0.0.10/16",
    "2400:cb00::/64",

>   ]

Reviewer: This will need to be updated once the schema is rejigged.

// Token allowed to edit DNS entries and TLS certs for specific zone.
resource "cloudflare_api_token" "dns_tls_edit" {
  name = "dns_tls_edit"

  policy {
    permission_groups = [
      data.cloudflare_api_token_permission_groups.all.permissions["DNS Write"],
      data.cloudflare_api_token_permission_groups.all.permissions["SSL and Certificates Write"],
    ]
    resources = {
      "com.cloudflare.api.account.zone.${var.zone_id}" = "*"
    }
  }
}

// Token allowed to edit DNS entries for all zones except one.
resource "cloudflare_api_token" "dns_tls_edit_all_except_one" {
  name = "dns_tls_edit_all_except_one"

  // include all zones
  policy {
    permission_groups = [
      data.cloudflare_api_token_permission_groups.all.permissions["DNS Write"],
    ]
    resources = {
      "com.cloudflare.api.account.zone.*" = "*"
    }
  }

  // exclude (deny) specific zone
  policy {
    permission_groups = [
      data.cloudflare_api_token_permission_groups.all.permissions["DNS Write"],
    ]
    resources = {
      "com.cloudflare.api.account.zone.${var.zone_id}" = "*"
    }
    effect = "deny"
  }
}

// Token allowed to edit DNS entries for all zones from specific account.

> resource "cloudflare_api_token" "dns_tls_edit_all_account" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource "cloudflare_api_token" "dns_edit_all_account" {
```

>   name = "dns_tls_edit_all_account"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name = "dns_edit_all_account"
```

  // include all zones from specific account
  policy {
    permission_groups = [
      data.cloudflare_api_token_permission_groups.all.permissions["DNS Write"],
    ]
    resources = {
      "com.cloudflare.api.account.${var.account_id}" = jsonencode({
        "com.cloudflare.api.account.zone.*" = "*"
      })
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the APIToken.
* `policy` - (Required) Permissions policy. Multiple policy blocks can be defined.
See the definition below.
* `request_ip_in` - (Optional) List of IPv4/IPv6 CIDR addresses where
the Token can be used from.
* `request_ip_not_in` - (Optional) List of IPv4/IPv6 CIDR addresses where
the Token cannot be used from.

The **policy** block supports:

* `permission_groups` - (Required) List of permissions groups
ids ([see official docs][1]).
* `resources` - (Required) Map describes what operations against which resources
are allowed or denied.

> * `effect` - (Optional) Policy effect. Only `allow` or `deny` can be used.
> `allow` is set as default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `effect` - (Optional) Policy effect. Valid values are `allow` or `deny`. `allow` 
   is set as default.
```

resource "cloudflare_api_token" "dns_edit_all_account" {
  name = "dns_edit_all_account"

  // include all zones from specific account
  policy {
    permission_groups = [
      data.cloudflare_api_token_permission_groups.all.permissions["DNS Write"],
    ]
    resources = {
      "com.cloudflare.api.account.${var.account_id}" = jsonencode({
        "com.cloudflare.api.account.zone.*" = "*"
      })
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the APIToken.
* `policy` - (Required) Permissions policy. Multiple policy blocks can be defined.
See the definition below.
* `condition` - (Optional) Condition block. See the definition below.

The **policy** block supports:

* `permission_groups` - (Required) List of permissions groups
ids ([see official docs][1]).
* `resources` - (Required) Map describes what operations against which resources
are allowed or denied.
* `effect` - (Optional) Policy effect. Valid values are `allow` or `deny`. `allow` 
   is set as default.

The **condition** block supports:

* `request_ip` - (Optional) Request IP related conditions. See the definition below.

The **request_ip** block supports:

> * `ip_in` - (Optional) List of IPv4/IPv6 CIDR addresses where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `in` - (Optional) List of IPv4/IPv6 CIDR addresses where
```
